doc: net: Update the L2 documentation (#13775)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/reference/networking/net_l2.rst

specific for that device, and optimized for working together.

Currently, there are L2 layers for Ethernet, IEEE 802.15.4 Soft-MAC,
Bluetooth IPSP, CANBUS, OpenThread, WiFi and a dummy one, which is a generic
layer example that can be used as a template for writing a new one.

L2 layer API
************

> In order to create an L2 layer, or even a driver for a specific L2

Reviewer: I'd say "even" is superfluous here.

layer, one needs to understand how the L3 layer interacts with it and
how the L2 layer is supposed to behave.

> See also :ref:`network stack architecture <network_stack_architecture>` for

Reviewer 2: did you mean ``:ref:`ip_stack_architecture` `` ?

Author: I am anticipating the new version of #13714 which will introduce new ref name for that document. I will re-submit this PR again after that one is merged. I would like to get @tbursztyka comments to this one as he originally created this L2 document, he will be back from vacation next week.

more details. The generic L2 API has these functions:

- ``recv()``: All device drivers, once they receive a packet which they put
  into a :c:type:`struct net_pkt`, will push this buffer to the network
  stack via :c:func:`net_recv_data()`. At this point, the network
  stack does not know what to do with it. Instead, it passes the
  buffer along to the L2 stack's ``recv()`` function for handling.
  The L2 stack does what it needs to do with the packet, for example, parsing
  the link layer header, or handling link-layer only packets. The ``recv()``
  function will return NET_DROP in case of an erroneous packet,
  NET_OK if the packet was fully consumed by the L2, or NET_CONTINUE
  if the network stack should then handle it.

- ``send()``: Similar to receive function, the network stack will call this
  function to actually send a network packet. All relevant link-layer content
  will be generated and added by this function. The ``send()`` function

>   returns negative error code if there was failure to send the network packet

Reviewer 2: This would read better as:
```
The ``send()`` function returns the number of bytes sent, or a negative
error code if there was a failure sending the network packet.
```

  or number of bytes sent otherwise.

- ``enable()``: This function is used to enable/disable traffic over a network
  interface. The function returns <0 if error and >=0 if no error.

> - ``get_flags()``: This function will return capabilities of a L2 driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``get_flags()``: This function will return the capabilities of an L2 driver,
```

>   For example whether the L2 supports multicast or promiscuous mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  for example whether the L2 supports multicast or promiscuous mode.
```

- the driver_api pointer must point to a valid :c:type:`struct
  net_if_api` pointer.

- The network device driver must use ``NET_DEVICE_INIT_INSTANCE()``
  or ``ETH_NET_DEVICE_INIT()`` for Ethernet devices. These
  macros will call the ``DEVICE_AND_API_INIT()`` macro, and also
  instantiate a unique :c:type:`struct net_if` related to the created
  device driver instance.

Implementing a network device driver depends on the L2 stack it
belongs to: :ref:`Ethernet <ethernet_interface>`,
:ref:`IEEE 802.15.4 <ieee802154_interface>`, etc.
In the next section, we will describe how a device driver should behave when

> receiving or sending a network packet. The rest is really hardware dependent

Reviewer: Suggested:

"The rest is really hardware dependent" => "The rest is hardware dependent"

"and thus does not need to be detailed here." => "and is not detailed here."

Because who known, maybe it's not "really", but "somewhat" hardware dependent. And may be it should be detailed here (more details and examples are always good), but we don't, just don't.

and thus does not need to be detailed here.

Ethernet device driver
======================

> On reception, it is up to the device driver to fill-in the network buffer with

Reviewer 2: Should ``network buffer`` be ``network packet`` (to match the next sentence)

Author: Yes, it makes more sense to change to "network packet".
